Introduction:


	This book is meant as a guideline for every member of the Work-Work community. It contains usefull information as well as rules for the co-working space.

	Every new member of the Work-Work community is required to read the house rules, and is encouraged to read the whole handbook. If you have any questions, please contact one of the hosts.

	At Work-Work we really appreciate our community. The people makes the place, so we do not want to force many rules on people, but it is, however, a necessity that there exists some rules.

House Rules:
	
	Intro:
		The house rules are divided into 4 groups. "You Must", "You Should", "You Should not", and "You Can not". The groups should be pretty self explaining. 
		Out of these groups, the most important are "You Must" and "You Can not". These are rules, the "You Should" and "You Should not" are more guidelines than actual rules.


	You must:
		-Obey the "must" and "can't" part of these rules.
		-Clean up after yourself.
		-Tur of the light, and turn the alarm on, if you are the last person to leave the house.
		-read, and be familiar with the HMS-instructions. They are on the walls on every floor.
		-know what is part of the "skjenkeareale", and what is not.
		-know the fire instructions.
		-Respect other peoples private properties. Do not borrow other peoples equipment without their permission. Also don't steal and kill and follow Norwegian law.
		-announce what material is under NDA, if any, prior to showing it to others.
	You should:
		-Follow the "should" and "shouldn't" part of these rules.
		-involve yourself in others work. 
		-help others that ask for help.
		-Give constructive feedback, both positive and negative. Also say what you think, don't be afraid to say things like "I think this part could be better". 
		-talk to people you don't know. Get to know everyone in the community!
		-actively contribute in the "pay it forward" culture. 
		-show other people what you are working on. 
		-be inclusive of people from "the outside". Feel free to invite them in and show them around.
		-use the bar as a prototyping platform. It is your la-BAR-atory. Ask many people, accelerate your development.
	You should not:
		-Break the "should" and "shouldn't" part of these rules.
		-disturb others when they are working.
		-let food and other thrash lay around to rot.
		-talk negatively to or about other people.
		-hide your ideas. By exposing them to other people the ideas grow and become better.
		-have material under NDA
	You can not:
		-Break the "must" or "can't" part of these rules.
		-Access the bar area outside of the opening hours of the bar. 
		-Bring alcohol to or from the bar area.
		-Bring pets into the house
		-Talk to outsiders about the projects other fellow Work-Workers are working on without their approval, unless that information is already public.
		-Socially exclude or bully people.



Work-Work, the Game!(TM)
	
	Tutorial
		You are new at Work-Work, welcome! This is your first day here. You have signed the contract and hopefully gotten your key. You might be feeling cheerful, or even a bit confused or scared. "What should I do?", "How does stuff work here?", "Who are all these people?" and "Who is Marius, Sverre and Stephan(MSS)?". All of these are questions you might have. "Work-Work, the Game!"(TM) is a text-only game that will guilde you through your first day, week or even year at Work-Work, and help you find the answers to all of your questions!

		The game is divided into levels. Each level has some quests. Some of them are main quests (manditory), others are side quests (non-manditory). To proceeded to the next level, you must complete all the main quests from your current level.

	NPCs:
		MMS: Any one of Marius, Sverre, and Stephan.

		Marius: The guy with the long beard.
		Sverre: The guy with the wide beard.
		Stephan: The guy with the long hair.
		Mystery Man: The guy with the wide hair.
		The Community: Any one, excluding yourself, of people currently inhabiting the co-working space.
		The Bar Crew: Anyone working in the bar at Work-Work.

	Work-Work level 1: Your First Day

		Main Quest: Get to see the entire house.
			Description: The Work-Work house has many secrets. Knowing your whereabouts in this wast jungle of rooms will help you in your day to day rutine, as well as for those special days you need to find something.
			Reward: Knowledge of where things are located at Work-Work.
			Tips: Talk to MSS and ask for a guided tour.
			XP: 35

		Main Quest: Select a desk in the co-work
			Description: No desk, no work. Find your place in this world-world. 
			Reward: A place to sit and work.
			Tips: Talk to Stephan to find a free spot.
			XP: 40

		Side Quest: Connect to the Work-Work WiFi
			Description: Wireless Fidelity is one of the marvels of modern society. It is nothing short of magic. And at Work-Work we have 1 Gigabit worth of magic per second provided by ITsjefen
			Reward: Infinite wisdom and enterntainment. Increased productivity.
			Tips: There are no password.
			XP: 10

	Work-Work level 2: The Basics
		Main Quest: Read the Work-Work House Rules
			Description: To achieve eudaimonia, certain rules are needed. At Work-Work these are the "House Rules".	
			Reward: Understaing of jungle-rules of Work-Work
			Tips: The rules can be found in this here handbook.
			XP: 50

		Main Quest: Join Slack
			Description: Through open communication comes true power. 
			Reward: Communication platform to instantly communicate with anyone in the Work-Work community
			Tips: Ask anyone in the community to invite you.
			XP: 17

		Main Quest: Learn how to book a meeting room
			Description: Meetings can be an important part of modern work-life, but also the greates time thief. Use it wisely.
			Reward: Ability to host meetings
			Tips:	- Go to work-work.no/booking
					- Ask on slack, or MSS, for help.
			XP: 13

		Main Quest: Enter Work-Work through the secret back entrance.
			Description: Every secret lair has a secret entrance. The back entrance at Work-Work acts as a VIP entrance as well as a key-updater. Make sure to enter through this entrance about once per week to keep your card working corretly.
			Reward: Fully functioning Key.
			Tips:	- This is a great place to bring your bike in.
					- This entrance is good for those who want to avoid the crowded bar area
			XP: 18

		Side Quest: Join the Facebook group
			Description: Since so many are already on Facebook, we post events and other usefull information here as well as on slack.
			Reward: Another Communication platform where MSS announce events.
			Tips: Ask MMS to invite you.
			XP: 12

		Side Quest: Claim storage space
			Description: When you have things, and you don't have space on your desk, it is nice to have a place to put it.
			Reward: A place to put your loot.
			Tips: There are plenty of free storage containers around. If they are empty and un-marked, they are up for grabs.
			XP: 5

		Side Quest: Explore the Micro-Kitchen
			Description: When the thirst for coffee and hunger for food becomes too much, this is the place for you. But please, don't use too many of the machine at once, or the fuses will blow.
			Reward: Ability to re-heat food, boil water, refrigerate stuff and brew coffe.
			Tips: Talk to one of the NPCs for help.
			XP: 11

		Side Quest: Explore the secret underworld.
			Description: In the underworld there are plenty of secrets, such as the safe haven for bikes and a wardrobe for you to change your clothes.
			Reward: A place to park your bike. A place to change and store clothes and shower.
			Tips: You can use the warp-pipe to get there.
			XP: 9

		Side Quest: Locate the Waste Disposial System, and learn to operate the cellulose condenser.
			Description: If you have larger items you with to dispose of, then this is the place to go. The Waste Disposal System can deal with glass, cellulose bi-products (such as cardboard and paper) and "general waste". If you see a particulary large 
			Reward: Ability to dispose of waste.
			Tips: Talk to MSS for operational instructions for the cellulose condenser. 
			XP: 23

		Side Quest: Notify MSS about missing toilet paper, drying paper or soap in a restroom.
			Description: From time to time it can happen that a restroom lacks one of the necessities. When you detect this, it is the perfect time to test out slack or the facebook group to notify MSS about the anomaly. 
			Reward: Toilet paper, drying paper or soap + a big thanks and a pat on the back.
			Tips: You can use Slack or Facebook to notify MSS or The Bar Crew.
			XP: 15

	Work-Work level 3: The Intricacies
		Main Quest: Join, and introduce yourself at, the Community Lunch
			Description: The Work-Work Community Lunch is hosted every friday at 11:00. From time to time we invite external people as well.
			Reward: 2d6 Friends
			Tips: Give your name and talk about what you do for work.
			XP: 20

		Main Quest: Explore every room and introduce yourself to as many Community Members as possible.
			Description: If the people at the co-working space do not know each other, then it is hard to know where to go to get good help in case you need it. By going around and introducing your self, and tell people what you are working on and what you do/know, then the others also know when to come asking help from you.
			Reward: 5d10 Friends
			Tips: 	- Don't interrupt people who is very obviously "plugged in" and working hard. 
					- The Community Members are scripted to talk to you if they see you.
			XP: 63

		Main Quest: Join one of the Work-Work events
			Description: At Work-Work there are many events, some of which will most likely interest you. A good way to show your support for The Community is to attend certain events.
			Reward: Knowledge provided by given event.
			Tips: 	- Follow Work-Work on facebook to get a feed of every event. 
					- A list of all events is available on work-work.no/event
			XP: 25

		Side Quest: Help someone in The Community
			Description: Through your amazing skill you possess some kind of knowledge or know-how that someone else could benefit from. By helping out someone in The Community you successfully increase the productivity of the entire house, helping others to success. Others who will do the same in return, leading you to success! 
			Reward: 3 Street creds(WWSC).
			Tips: You can help people out even though they did not explicitly asked for it!
			XP: 19

		Side Quest: Hang something on the wall
			Description: The walls at Work-Work is up for grabs. If there is a blank space, it is a free space. It is like the wild west. First to settle owns that. MSS reserves the right to act as an oligarchy and ask politely to move something if the space must be used for a greater good.
			Reward: Teretorial control + 1 Street Cred
			Tips:	- Ask MSS before screwing large object/constructions to the wall.
					- Feel free to hang up nails for picture-frames etc.
			XP: 28

	Work-Work level 4: The Contributor

		Main Quest: Contribute, in any way, to any of the Community projects. (Repeatable)
			Description: Work-Work has a github page which contain most/all ongoing community projects (including this handbook!). MSS want The Community to shine, so having inspiring, awesome projects created by The Community, for The Community, is one of the best ways to improve The Community's position.
			Reward: Bragging rights + 4 Street Creds
			Tips:	- Look at the Work-Work github page (github.com/workwork) for a list of all/most community projects
					- Ask people on slack for inspiration and help to get started.
			XP: 18

		Side Quest: Initialize a Community Project.
			Description: You have seen some need, or some way to induce immense glee and proudness, for The Community. You decide to embark on the concept and start the project! 
			Reward: Massive bragging rights. 10 Street Creds
			Tips: 	- Coordinate with others on slack
					- Read the Community Projects 101 guide (TBA)
			XP: 87
			Sub Quests:
				Involve another person in the project (Repeatable)
					Description: Without the help from other people, it becomes hard to create something great. Gather more people and create a large Work-Work force.
					Reward: Larger workfroce
					Tips: Talk to pepole on slack and in real life.
					XP: 21
				Pitch your project at the Community Lunch
					Description: The Community Lunch is a great place to show off what you are working on, and a great place to find people to join in on your marvelous project!
					Reward: Valuable feedback and new ideas.
					Tips: Announce on slack, or through MSS, that you intend to talk about the project.
					XP: 32

		Side Quest: Recruit a new Community Member
			Description: Not everyone what might want to work at Work-Work has been informed of what Work-Work has to offer. By introducing the person to Work-Work you might be showing the person the way and enriching The Community with a new member!
			Reward: Free coffee for a month in the bar + 4 Street Creds
			Tips: Stephan can provide a guided tour for potential new members.
			XP: 79


	Work-Work level 5: The Legend
		Main Quest: Host an event which is relevant for people in, or outside of, the Community.
			Description: Events don't host themselves. They require dedicated, skilled, people. You are the right person to do so, and now it is time for you to show the way, enright the knowledge of others and inspire the next generation.
			Reward: - Bragging rights.
					- Deeper understanding of your topic.
					- 11 Street Creds
			Tips: 	- Discuss with people in the Community for inspiration and guidance.
					- Check work-work.no/booking for available spots.
			XP: 74

		Main Quest: Release a successful game or product
			Description: You have worked hard for a long time, and now the time is is finally here. Time to release. All beta testing is done, the product is tweaked, you feel ready. What remains is testing the product on real customers, in the real world!
			Reward:  34 Street Creds. A space in the "Work-Work projects wall". (TBA)
			Tips: You can host, for free, a release party at the Work-Work bar if you want.
			XP: 350

		Main Quest: Grow your business so much that you need to move out of Work-Work
			Description: You have had success, more than expected even! Life is finally going the way you want, but now Work-Work seems small. There is no more space for all the people I want to hire. That time is here, to make the decision to move your hard-working team to a new location. It is now time to move from Work-Work, away from The Community. May The Community be with you, always.
			Reward:	- Eternal bragging rights
					- A space in the Hall Of Fame at Work-Work. First to complete this quest will get the honor of opening the Hall of Fame.
					- Cake
					- 365 Street Creds
			Tips:	- Make a great product.
					- Make a lot of money.
			XP: 2800

		Side Quest: Make something usefull out of a Pallet
			Description: You have realised the power of The Pallet. You see now why everything in the bar is made from this marvelous material, and you want to embark on a Pallet adventure on your own, to make that thing you always wanted.
			Reward: - Bragging rights
					- A usefull object made from pallets
					- 17 Street creds
			Tips: Talk to the house master pallet maker, Stephan.
			XP: 50



//NOTES:
Stuff they do/must learn:
		X how to book a meeting room
		X "Introduce themselves to everyone"
		X Come to a community lunch
		X Join slack + face
		X Come to an event
		X Host an event (something they are good at)
		X Contribute to a community project
		X Read the house rules
		X Pallets is the shit
		X kjøkken
		X garderober
		X søppelrom
	






